that tie you do fine yeah yeah yeah
sucking that's fine fucking 14 by double
Oh was that over time in the first down
yeah fucking 50-yard field goal I bet I
fucking bitch you I fucking saw a guy we
could have made a I could mean that well
it's like 45 feel yeah
45 degrees snuggle anyway fucking I know
fucking around a tecmo bowl and there's
not enough light this is that's a goal
blanket huh
fucking shit well you know so you know
we're trying to work on the video the
movie like shit figured show you like
the fucking the fucking we were gonna
make back to the hind the shit's Dragon
Ball Z figures fuck yes so where's good
where I could go detail because I don't
know about a lot of this shit this
mostly just and sometimes it's mine but
hey let me show you something shit
so Dragon Ball Z up there holy fuck
Dragon Ball Z up there holy shit holy
Wow
fuckin small people thanking new oh ooh
that's a really that's a fucking really
brutal fucking GG figure like honestly
it's like you know it's like you know
it's okay like that
or is it like wrong it's like it's like
fuck flying invisible flying Nimbus and
got fucking Super Saiyan 3 Goku and bro
the max muscles with mine the actually
all these up here except for those two
our minds I got those two of them Mickey
Mouse huh I guess oh look at this and if
you get I see the first one is this one
from the first movie like a vagina
Vegeta fuck yeah you Starbucks cup and
fucking just God see the reason the
reason why it's taking so long to make
is we had the side what videos fucking
light what figures use you know I mean
like holy shit
now it's like you know could we use this
one or fucking that one just can you say
shut the fuck up and then you know we
got all these figures so it's like well
these are all Justin's just how are you
fucking Dragon Balls do you figure since
like sixth grade fifth grade we were
telling you about trucks in like sixth
grade I didn't ask him keep telling
about the funny old story on why even
have a Bowman figure you please tell it
I didn't know you had what's your name
again
launch launch I know he had a fucking
launch figure that's cool yeah anyway
fuck it's just saying I tell us what the
lunch lunch lunch fucking in here know
Bulma yeah I can tell us about bull shit
don't see Jess grumpy when you play the
fucking football games like an asshole
so my fault my tees magic hey fucking
Dragon Ball Z how many fucking dragon
ball z mu is it are those movies are
these episodes that's perfect and then
perfect and then oh these are all note
games and then these are all movies well
you got a fucking real strong is your
you know you're just my favorite either
Lord slug or colors your bitch
who's your favorite like of all time
like yours isn't like trunks yeah do you
fuckin wool strong is so gnarly
yeah oh where are the Dragon Ball Z
games that you have I don't want to see
oh
these are like fuck yeah yeah oh no
that's great too I don't what great
LT great fine go again anyway good oh my
god movie a little bit maybe tomorrow
probably now I don't know fucking like
shits been having his last year my
reshoot Justin would you agree would you
agree that the last two years more
shit's gone down we ever anticipated
you know just proton yeah yeah bro John
yeah
anything else Dragon Ball Z Rowley the
scene here is there I know sometime next
time
hey bone that's going very good
we're Vegeta go no I don't feel awkward
about last night yeah me me too hmm
maybe G what's going on